Hello! My name is Calle Börstell (sign name DUCK).
I work here at Radboud University, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
I have previously worked with several different sign languages.
Specifically Swedish Sign Language, Israeli Sign Language, ASL, and ABSL.
But I mostly focused on Swedish Sign Language.
In 2017, I graduated with a PhD from Stockholm University, Sweden.
After I graduated I moved here.
Now here at Radboud University, I work as a postdoc –
in the project called "Deaf communication without a shared language".
My research interests are mainly in four areas:
Sign language linguistics, corpus linguistics, –
programming, and linguistic typology.